README.md, before:

MCollective modules for Linux Servers and Containers Management
===============================================================

procfs
------

    Linux /proc filesystem agent
    
    Usage: mco procfs [OPTIONS] [FILTERS] <ACTION> [CONCURRENCY]
    
    The ACTION can be one of the following:
    
        load    - returns host load
        get     - generic getter
        set     - generic setter
    
            --csv                        Output result in CSV format
            --key KEY                    Proc file
            --value VALUE                New Value
    ...
    
    Sample output:
    
    $ mco procfs load
    Host          Load1  Load5 Load15  Running  Procs
    TADPOLE        0.00   0.01   0.05        1    281
    SHRUBLAND      3.18   2.92   2.66        4   3166
    ...
    
    $ mco procfs get --key uptime
    Host         Key          Value               
    CAVERN       uptime       2717507.72 10724660.39
    GROTTO       uptime       2717506.91 21592814.11
    ...


cgroup
------

    Linux Control Groups agent
    
    Usage: mco cgroup [OPTIONS] [FILTERS] <ACTION> [CONCURRENCY]
    
    The ACTION can be one of the following:
    
      list    - returns list of active control groups
      get     - generic getter
      set     - generic setter
      blkio   - returns cgroup info about Block I/O
      cpu     - returns cgroup info about CPU Scheduling
      memory  - returns cgroup info about Memory Use
    
          --csv                        Output result in CSV format
          --cgroup GROUP               Single Group to target
          --key KEY                    CGroup Key
          --value VALUE                CGroup Value
    ...

Sample output:

    $ mco cgroup memory -T LXCHosts
    Host                        Group     Used      Max    Limit  FailCnt
    CANTON                Dev.Jabber1      679      751     2048        0
    HAMLET                Dev.Jabber2      680      773     2048        0
    GROVE                  IT.rabbit3      662      721     2048        0
    ...


lxc
---

    LXC agent, does stuff
    
    Usage: mco lxc [OPTIONS] [FILTERS] <ACTION> [CONCURRENCY]
    
    The ACTION can be one of the following:
    
      list     - returns list of LXC containers
      setauto  - set container(s) to be started on boot
      noauto   - set container(s) to be started manually
    
          --csv                        Output result in CSV format
          --container CONTAINER        Single Container to target
    ...

Sample output:

    $ mco lxc list -T LXCHosts
    Host         Container            Status   Startup
    STEPPE       QAMain.admin         RUNNING  Auto
    STEPPE       QAMain.apps          RUNNING  Auto
    STEPPE       QAMain.monitor       STOPPED  Manual
    ...


lvm
---

    LVM agent, get stats
    
    Usage: mco lvm [OPTIONS] [FILTERS] <ACTION> [CONCURRENCY]
    
    The ACTION can be one of the following:
    
      vgdisplay   - returns the status of all volume groups 
      lvdisplay   - returns the status of all logical volume
    
          --csv                        Output result in CSV format
    ...

Sample output:

    $ mco lvm lvdisplay
    Host                       Volume     Size
    LAKE                           IT    16.00
    LAKE                     Memcache    16.00
    LAKE                         root    29.80
    ...


drbd
----

    Linux Replicated Block Device Agent
    
    Usage: mco drbd [OPTIONS] [FILTERS] <ACTION> [CONCURRENCY]
    
    The ACTION can be one of the following:
    
        list    - returns list of replicated block devices
    
            --csv                        Output result in CSV format
    ...
    
    Sample output:
    
    $ mco drbd list -I hamlet
    Host                 Dev   Connection   Role         Peer Role    Disk         Peer Disk   
    HAMLET               1     Connected    Primary      Secondary    UpToDate     UpToDate    
    HAMLET               2     Connected    Secondary    Primary      UpToDate     UpToDate    
    ...

Commit message:

Added LXC start & stop functions

README.md, after:

MCollective modules for Linux Servers and Containers Management
===============================================================

procfs
------

    Linux /proc filesystem agent
    
    Usage: mco procfs [OPTIONS] [FILTERS] <ACTION> [CONCURRENCY]
    
    The ACTION can be one of the following:
    
        load    - returns host load
        get     - generic getter
        set     - generic setter
    
            --csv                        Output result in CSV format
            --key KEY                    Proc file
            --value VALUE                New Value
    ...
    
    Sample output:
    
    $ mco procfs load
    Host          Load1  Load5 Load15  Running  Procs
    TADPOLE        0.00   0.01   0.05        1    281
    SHRUBLAND      3.18   2.92   2.66        4   3166
    ...
    
    $ mco procfs get --key uptime
    Host         Key          Value               
    CAVERN       uptime       2717507.72 10724660.39
    GROTTO       uptime       2717506.91 21592814.11
    ...


cgroup
------

    Linux Control Groups agent
    
    Usage: mco cgroup [OPTIONS] [FILTERS] <ACTION> [CONCURRENCY]
    
    The ACTION can be one of the following:
    
      list    - returns list of active control groups
      get     - generic getter
      set     - generic setter
      blkio   - returns cgroup info about Block I/O
      cpu     - returns cgroup info about CPU Scheduling
      memory  - returns cgroup info about Memory Use
    
          --csv                        Output result in CSV format
          --cgroup GROUP               Single Group to target
          --key KEY                    CGroup Key
          --value VALUE                CGroup Value
    ...

Sample output:

    $ mco cgroup memory -T LXCHosts
    Host                        Group     Used      Max    Limit  FailCnt
    CANTON                Dev.Jabber1      679      751     2048        0
    HAMLET                Dev.Jabber2      680      773     2048        0
    GROVE                  IT.rabbit3      662      721     2048        0
    ...


lxc
---

    LXC agent, does stuff
    
    Usage: mco lxc [OPTIONS] [FILTERS] <ACTION> [CONCURRENCY]
    
    The ACTION can be one of the following:
    
      list         - returns list of LXC containers
      start        - start container(s) ALL BY DEFAULT
      stop         - stop container(s) - not implemented
      autostart    - set container(s) to be started on boot
      manualstart  - set container(s) to be started manually
    
          --csv                        Output result in CSV format
          --container CONTAINER        Single Container to target
    ...

Sample output:

    $ mco lxc list -T LXCHosts
    Host         Container            Status   Startup
    STEPPE       QAMain.admin         RUNNING  Auto
    STEPPE       QAMain.apps          RUNNING  Auto
    STEPPE       QAMain.monitor       STOPPED  Manual
    ...


lvm
---

    LVM agent, get stats
    
    Usage: mco lvm [OPTIONS] [FILTERS] <ACTION> [CONCURRENCY]
    
    The ACTION can be one of the following:
    
      vgdisplay   - returns the status of all volume groups 
      lvdisplay   - returns the status of all logical volume
    
          --csv                        Output result in CSV format
    ...

Sample output:

    $ mco lvm lvdisplay
    Host                       Volume     Size
    LAKE                           IT    16.00
    LAKE                     Memcache    16.00
    LAKE                         root    29.80
    ...


drbd
----

    Linux Replicated Block Device Agent
    
    Usage: mco drbd [OPTIONS] [FILTERS] <ACTION> [CONCURRENCY]
    
    The ACTION can be one of the following:
    
        list    - returns list of replicated block devices
    
            --csv                        Output result in CSV format
    ...
    
    Sample output:
    
    $ mco drbd list -I hamlet
    Host                 Dev   Connection   Role         Peer Role    Disk         Peer Disk   
    HAMLET               1     Connected    Primary      Secondary    UpToDate     UpToDate    
    HAMLET               2     Connected    Secondary    Primary      UpToDate     UpToDate    
    ...
